[Music]
seven best yoga poses for beautiful
breasts did you know that everyone could
build the body of their dreams today
we've got the most efficient yoga poses
that will improve the shape of your
breasts and volume of your lungs
trust us you'll feel strong and healthy
number one warrior pose fear of the
Hydra Shana or the warrior pose will
help you extend your thorax and make it
elastic and active first place your feet
wide apart parallel to each other turn
your left foot 90 degrees to the left
and your right foot inside breathe out
and bend your left knee keep your right
leg straight raise your arms and put
them in line with your shoulders turn
your heads left looking at your wrists
repeat seven to ten times then do the
same on the right side trickle now sauna
or the triangle pose helps release and
strengthen your thorax stretch your
spine and improve your blood flow place
your feet wide apart turn the left one
ninety degrees and the right one fifteen
degrees touch your left ankle with your
left hand with time you'll be able to
put your open palm on the floor stretch
your right arm upwards so that your arms
make a straight line keep your knees and
spine straight turn your face up and
look at your fingers then repeat the
exercise on the other side cobra pose
bhujangasana or the cobra pose helps
increase the volume of your lungs
stretch the thoracic muscles strengthen
your abdominal muscles and improve your
posture lie on your stomach and take a
deep breath slowly raise your torso and
keep your lower body on the floor at the
same time balance on your legs and arms
raise your head and look
slowly breathe out and assume the
initial position increase the time you
stay in this pose with each repetition
bow pose Dahon or asana or the bow pose
is for those who have back aches this
exercise helps you stretch your spine
and shape your breasts lie on your
stomach breathe out
bend your knees and raise them behind
you towards your head hold your ankles
with your hands now slowly breathe out
again and pull your legs and arms upward
as far as you can your hips and breasts
should lift from the floor and you
should balance on your stomach stay in
this position for 30 seconds wheel pose
chakrasana
or the wheel pose helps you stretch your
thorax spine and neck lifts fatigue and
cures headaches lie down on your back
and place your feet a bit more than
shoulder-width apart then pull them
towards your buttocks
put your hands palms down behind your
head with your fingers pointing to your
back breathe out and raise your breasts
and hips as high as you can try
straightening your arms completely stay
in this position for 30 seconds
supported headstand salamba sirsasana or
the supported headstand is helpful for
the ligaments and muscles of your spine
and thorax it improves breathing and
blood flow but it's advised for the
experienced stand on your knees and put
your forearms on the floor knit your
fingers together to form a bowl then put
the top of your head on the mat so that
the back of your head is in the bowl
bend your knees breathe out and raise
your feet off the ground
shut your legs upwards stay like this
for thirty seconds to two minutes
camel pose ustrasana or the camel pose
is effective against back aches it also
increases the volume of your lungs and
strengthens your thorax stand on your
knees and pull your feet together slowly
bend backwards and put your hands on
your heels then arch your back and
stretch your ribs your head should be
pulled towards the floor stay like this
for 30 seconds and assume the initial
position practice these regularly and
you'll notice the changes really soon
share this video with those who also
want to stay slim and
and don't forget to hit that thumbs up
button and click Subscribe